First set of quickstarts (OKD and minikube) (#37)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: quickstarts/minikube/index.md

# Starting Minikube 

This assumes that you have the latest version of the `minikube` binary, which you can get [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/#installation).

```shell
minikube start --memory=8192 --cpus=4 \
  --kubernetes-version=v1.12.1 \

>   --vm-driver=kvm2 \

Reviewer: This is not really portable to other operating systems. I would leave this out. Most users have the VM configured to what they want or they don't care.

Author: @scholzj how about just saying `minikube start.....` with your configured VM. If need help look DOC for more ?

Reviewer: Yeah, that sounds good to me.

  --bootstrapper=kubeadm \

>   --extra-config=apiserver.enable-admission-plugins="LimitRanger,NamespaceExists,NamespaceLifecycle,ResourceQuota,ServiceAccount,DefaultStorageClass,MutatingAdmissionWebhook"

Reviewer 2: what's wrong with my `minikube` tries where I use just `start` and `--vm-driver` because of kvm? Isn't it too much stuff for a quick start?

```

This will start a local installation of Minikube. Once this is completed, let's create our `kafka` namespace:

```shell
kubectl create namespace kafka 
```

# Applying Strimzi installation file

> Next we are applying the Strimzi install files, including `ClusterRoles`, `ClusterRoleBindings` and some **Custom Resource Definitions** (`CRDs`) for the Apache Kafka itself, or creating Apache Kafka topics:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next we apply the Strimzi install files, including `ClusterRoles`, `ClusterRoleBindings` and some **Custom Resource Definitions** (`CRDs`). The CRDs define the schemas used for declarative management of the Kafka cluster, Kafka topics and users.
```

```shell
curl -L https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/releases/download/0.8.1/strimzi-cluster-operator-0.8.1.yaml \
  | sed 's/namespace: .*/namespace: kafka/' \
  | kubectl -n kafka apply -f -
```

# Provision the Apache Kafka cluster

> Afterwards we feed Strimzi with a simple **Custom Resource**, which will than give you a simple, ephemeral Apache Kafka Cluster:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After that we feed Strimzi with a simple **Custom Resource**, which will than give you a simple, ephemeral Apache Kafka Cluster:
```

Reviewer 3: Also, should we explain (or at least link to) what 'ephemeral' means?

```shell
# Apply the `Kafka` Cluster CR file

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/0.8.1/examples/kafka/kafka-ephemeral.yaml -n kafka

Reviewer: Again ... I think we should use persistent cluster ... it should work on both OKD and Minikube without any problems and it avoids issues with ephemeral Zoo.

```

> We can now watch the deployment on the `kafka` namesapce, and see all required pods being created:

Reviewer: Typo ...

```suggestion
We can now watch the deployment on the `kafka` namespace, and see all required pods being created:
```

```shell
kubectl get pods -n kafka -w
```

> 

Reviewer 3: I think we need tell the user how they know it's been deployed.

# Starting Minikube 

This assumes that you have the latest version of the `minikube` binary, which you can get [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/#installation).

```shell

> minikube start ...

Reviewer 2: why these three dots ... I think they are not understandable by the user.

```

> NOTE: Make sure to start `minikube` with your configured VM. If need help look at the [documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/#quickstart) for more.

> Once Minikube this is started, let's create our `kafka` namespace:

Reviewer 2: typo "Once Minikube is started ..." (remove "this")

```shell
kubectl create namespace kafka 
```

# Applying Strimzi installation file

Next we apply the Strimzi install files, including `ClusterRoles`, `ClusterRoleBindings` and some **Custom Resource Definitions** (`CRDs`). The CRDs define the schemas used for declarative management of the Kafka cluster, Kafka topics and users.

```shell

> curl -L https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/releases/download/0.8.2/strimzi-cluster-operator-0.8.2.yaml \

Reviewer 2: We need to update this link for every release? :-(

Author: I could do a VARIABLE ?

  | sed 's/namespace: .*/namespace: kafka/' \
  | kubectl -n kafka apply -f -
```

# Provision the Apache Kafka cluster

After that we feed Strimzi with a simple **Custom Resource**, which will than give you a simple, ephemeral Apache Kafka Cluster:

```shell
# Apply the `Kafka` Cluster CR file
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/0.8.2/examples/kafka/kafka-persistent.yaml -n kafka
```

We can now watch the deployment on the `kafka` namespace, and see all required pods being created:

```shell
kubectl get pods -n kafka -w
```

The installation is complete, once the `my-cluster-entity-operator` is running, like:

```
my-cluster-entity-operator-6bc7f6985c-q29p5   3/3     Running   0          44s
my-cluster-kafka-0                            2/2     Running   1          91s
my-cluster-kafka-1                            2/2     Running   1          91s

> my-cluster-kafka-2                            2/2     Running   1          91s

Author: @tombentley @scholzj  do you like this ?
